hot-wok-delivery-minneapolis|We just ordered delivery and it took TWO AND A HALF HOURS from calling on the phone until the driver actually arrived. If I could give zero stars, I would. After an hour and twenty minutes we called to check on the status and the girl answering the phone admitted that she never turned the order in to the kitchen. The girl offered us 50% off our next order (even though there won't be a next order) and promised it would come in 30-40 minutes. It took another hour and ten minutes after that! We live a few miles away from the restaurant in an enormous condominium complex and still the driver called us several times to ask for directions or to let us know he was still 20 minutes away. After TWO AND A HALF HOURS of waiting, all of the containers were covered in fluid and it all fell out the bottom of a soaked paper bag. Fortunately we caught it and were able to eat it but the food was cold and flavorless. I had pad thai which consisted of cold, sticky, white noodles with no flavor or sauce whatsoever. I just added my own peanut sauce to it so it would at least be tolerable. We will never order from them again and I suggest you save yourself the trouble and the long hungry wait.
hot-wok-delivery-minneapolis|We ordered take out, so I cannot comment on delivery. I gave them 2 stars, instead of one, because the staff here are very friendly and have great intentions, but the food we ordered was not good. We ordered the orange chicken and Pad Thai. I am usually wary of ordering something like Pad Thai from a non Thai restaurant, but I had read good reviews here, and Hot Wok is a supposedly fusion concept, so I thought I'd risk it. The pad Thai had pale, barely cooked, noodles, with a watery, flavorless broth, and what seemed like at least two scrambled eggs. Usually the noodles are stir fried with egg, but this was many, big, chunks of scrambled egg. The chicken meat was all white meat and good quality, but flavorless. The orange chicken was also quality meat, but the sauce was heavy on the soy and light on the orange, and very salty. Also, I applaud the concept of using eco-friendly, recycle-able containers, but in reality this resulted in soggy, already breaking down paper boxes that had soaked up much of the pad Thai broth. They are aware of the issue because each was wrapped in layers of cling film to contain the liquid mess. They would be better off using the usual paper box take out containers and trusting we will recycle them, the soggy mess was unappetizing. I hope they make some improvements, I will check for updates before I order again.
xin-wong-minneapolis|Out of my whole meal, the only semi-delicious part was the fried rice. Their vegetables were very fresh and the other Yelpers were correct, but the downfall was this nasty sweet red sauce. I ordered Szchwan Chicken. I received chicken and fresh vegetables in a chili sweet and sour sauce. Absolutely disgusting and I will never order from there again. If I had a car, I would have went there and returned it. One hint that I should have tried something different: 1) The menu came in the mail. I don't tend to fair well with places that bulk mail their menu to you.  You are now warned.
fresh-wok-minneapolis|Meh. If you want New York style Chinese, you can do better. Was enticed here by the reviews and hope of delivery since we are less than 5 miles away -- but the "5 mile radius" they tout on their website isn't accurate; they determine delivery by zip code. We went there anyway, being weary of shopping around, but the food was just really mediocre. One dish was a bit flavorless, and the other was way too salty. Fine for a fix but really prefer other joints in the area like Cheng's Open Garden Kitchen on Nicollet south of Lake.
fresh-wok-minneapolis|Fresh Wok, we've had some good times together. This was not one of those times. I'm wavering between 2-3 stars on this one.  We ordered delivery. It took about an hour and fifteen minutes to arrive, even though it was initially estimated to arrive 30 minutes after we ordered. No one called to let us know it'd be so late. Annoying. We called 45-50 minutes into waiting and were assured it was on it's way, but it still didn't arrive for 20+ minutes... The food was barely warm when it arrived. I got a chicken in garlic sauce combo, which aside from being cold, was pretty generic Chinese food. Not bad, not great. The hubs got chicken fried rice. Which was literally chicken and rice. We had expected more of an entree with veggies in addition to chicken and rice, but there aren't any descriptions on the online ordering site... so I guess we should have been more literal in our expectations. He was pretty disappointed.  Hopefully next time we order from this place it'll redeem itself? I feel like we've had some good meals from here (that arrived quite quickly) in the past, but we've had a few misses too.
fresh-wok-minneapolis|Sadly, this restaurant which my husband and I both loved has gone downhill severely in customer service and accuracy of orders since changing ownership and staff. I have been laughed at so far, they have screwed up numerous orders and this evening, when my husband came in to pick up a phone-in order, one of the staff saw him and asked, "Can I help you, sir?" He said he was there to pick up his phone-in order, and she immediately said,"Spareribs, right?" which was not his order!  However, she did ask the (white) customer before him what he ordered and gave him his correct order. They also forgot to give me sauce with my dumplings. :/ The previous staff were very friendly, efficient, cordial and they knew us and treated us well and our orders were ALWAYS correct. The new staff is terrible! This will be the last time I ever do business with Fresh Wok! I should have stopped beforehand, but I know better now.
hibachi-buffet-minneapolis|We went to a different asian buffet prior, and my friend was convinced that Hibachi Buffet had a better buffet with better sushi and better hibachi grill. False. In order to get to our seats between the table and the food troths (because we're piggies), we had to walk in between this narrow walkway and the waitresses hub. It's pretty awkward and poorly planned. The hibachi was super mediocre. You get to put your own meat and vegetables in a bowl for them to cook. The meat was this frozen slab that you tried to peel pieces off of. I'd get the mongolian sauce to add some type of flavor to it. The sushi was a big ol bust with old, dried rice and brown avocados. They place one piece of nigiri at a time so people can stack up on sushi. God forbid people eat too much food at a buffet. Everything else isn't worth mentioning. Besides the birthday song.  What is the birthday song? It's when the 80's elementary PA system crackles LOUDLY and this weird chuck-e-cheese reminiscent birthday song is played over it. We're sitting around like WHAT IN THE SAM HILL IS GOING ON, am I dreaming, is anyone hearing this??? Everyone's just looking around the restaurant and a couple waitresses come over to clap and awkwardly dance around this little girl. This went on for a lot longer then necessary but definitely cut the monotony of mediocre food. I actually hope they keep doing this, that was awesome lol. We gave my friend a hard time for his recommendation. He said it was a long time ago, they probably changed management, or he was super high. Probably all of the above. Not recommended.
hibachi-buffet-minneapolis|Felt sick immediately afterward and had food poisoning which made me miss the next day of work. Will not be returning, this place should be shut down.
hibachi-buffet-minneapolis|I guess when you come to a buffet restaurant you definitely know that you should not expect to have gourmet foods. Buffet is a place that quantity is favored over quality. They do have a decent variety of food. I like their Mongolian grill where the cook seems to know how to stir fry noodles (maybe I luckily met him this time). The shrimps have decent freshness and not too plain like some of the places I have been to.  The service was good. The waitress cleaned my dishes promptly. Overall, they deserve 3 stars for the standard of buffet restaurant.
hibachi-buffet-minneapolis|this restaurant puts the FUC- in WTF.  If Jesus came back to save us, save everyone that ate here first! OMG WTF. Lets bring it down a notch, my son would eat anything that was under the sun, EXCEPT their food. I was impressed how horrid and low quality the food was. The only nice thing to say, was that Scooby Doo was on TV while we were there. Buffets are buffets and we don't expect much, but the money spent here should've been spent at any McDonald's for a "healthier and complete" meal w/o the guilt.
kowloon-restaurant-minneapolis|The chicken chow mein was very bland and whatever the vegetable(s?) in it were not very good. The chow mein noodles are the pre-packaged dry, crunchy kind, not the fresh ones. I know this is common but it shouldn't be. The wonton soup with noodles were placed in the same container with the broth so everything was very mushy when it arrived and the broth was very bland.
kowloon-restaurant-minneapolis|Good local Chinese food, some of them is really good, like the shrimp entree. However I order the mapo tofu the other day, and this dish is suppose to be spicy, but it was sweet and not spicy at all.... and the service here is kind of slow, anyway I will still come,hope they can offer better food and better service next time.
kowloon-restaurant-minneapolis|I have not had anything else from their menu but keep going back for their 50 pc chicken wings. My kids love them too! Somewhat of a drive from my house. Today when I was there the 2 little kids that belonged to the owners were running around even into the kitchen area. Not too sure how safe that is. Hope they don't help with the cooking= yuck! Try the wings you will love'em!
kowloon-restaurant-minneapolis|I live and work on the U of M campus and I love Chinese food, however Kowloon does not cut it for me. I've tried many items from their menu, mainly from people in my office who have ordered from Kowloon (they are one of the few Chinese places on campus that deliver) and I have to say I have never been impressed with their food. Their orange chicken is okay, but is often very dry and needs more sauce. The pots stickers are also very dry and bland. Their cream cheese wontons are just fine; however I feel that it is hard to screw one up. Most of the dishes I have tried there are bland and dry- not worth the calories! This is not a place I would suggest to eat at, unless you are desperate for Chinese delivery while staying on the U of M Campus.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|I've eaten in once (lunch special), and ordered out three times. You won't be dying to come back here, but you won't be sorry you went. Some things are really good, some things you wish you hadn't ordered, but on the whole, it's a solid restaurant with good prices. Service is excellent and take-out is ready in a flash.  Cream cheese wontons are good, egg rolls are meh. Their mock duck is not the best mock duck I've ever had, but they do a pretty good job with the fried tofu, try something with that.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|The location is perfect but the food is not so great. It is a Vietnamese Restaurant but the food they have on lunch specials are more Chinese. Don't get me wrong though their lunch is cheap. For $6.99 you get a choice of hot and sour or egg drop soup, a dish and an appetizer. I ordered hot and sour soup and I didn't like the taste of it at all. It was thick almost like chicken pudding taste. Then I ordered Lemon Chicken and I didn't know it was breaded and fried. I should have asked. The only thing I enjoyed was the spring rolls. Next time I will try something else different. They do have a small section for parking and it is located on a busy street. The staff was a little slow even though the place was not packed. The place looked clean. I don't think I will see myself coming back soon.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|Yep.... I've had much better. My friends are going to kill me but I have to be true to my palate.  Firstly, I wish to say that the staff here are very friendly and accommodating. The service was great but the food unfortunately "to my liking" was lackluster. I am not going to beat this place into the ground because I am not writing this review with any ill feelings. It was dinner time and two of my associates raved about the place so naturally I was salivating at the bit to try the food.  They bragged about the Egg Rolls and also a Potato Chip and Beef dish, so that's what we ordered. Oh we also added a House Rice which comes with Shrimp, Chicken etc.  Egg Rolls arrived and they were huge in size but not in flavour. I can't begin to tell you how disappointed I was. My associates looked at me as if I had committed a mortal sin, but the Egg Rolls were simply average in taste to me. The dipping sauce was not as viscous as I am use to but it was ok. Then came the Beef and Potato Chip dish. It was also just ok. A bit more flavour than the Egg Rolls, but truly nothing to scream about and definitely not something I am anxious to try again, either of these two dishes.  The House Rice that we added was a bit dry and also a bit disappointing to the palate.  So in conclusion,.. .Would I give this place another try? The food wasn't awful, but by no means enjoyable either. Especially considering I was in great company with my two business associates, whom I love. If they are prepared to pay for the next visit, that would be the only reason I would go, but I would much rather try somewhere else than re-visit this place again. Sorry
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|Ive been coming here for years and had mostly enjoyable experiences but recently the quality hasnt been pushing me to go back. Beef Pad Thai should be the staple of a Vietnamese restaurant one would think. I ordered mine spicy. You would think spicy at a Vietnamese restaurant would bring the heat but this was about as spicy as ketchup. I asked for a bottle of hot sauce to heat it up and the bottle I got was a sweet pepper tasting sauce.  The cranberry cream cheese wontons are my favorite thing there. Last time I ordered them I received regular cream chesse wontons despite clearly ordering cranberry :/ Overall the food is alright. I remember the Pho beef noodle soup being pretty solid, but my last few meals here have been lacking flavor and heat I'm looking for.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|Do not -- I repeat -- DO NOT order the lunch specials here. It is literally straight out of a can, compliments of La Choy. We ordered the Chicken Chow Mein with fried rice and fried chicken wings. The Chicken chow mein was some overcooked mush over La Choy crispy noodles (often used in Asian chicken salads for a crunch). It's ridiculous that any restaurant owner/chef can serve that with a straight face. I understand Kinh Do is an inexpensive, family owned restaurant and my expectations were therefore not high, but opening a can of cheap slop posing as Chinese food, heating it up, and plopping it on a plate to serve to customers is downright insulting. The fried rice was also a joke. There was not a single ingredient other than rice. No vegetables. No eggs. No meat. Not even a speck of green onions for color. It was just brown greasy rice (and the "brown" didn't taste like soy sauce so I'm not sure what caused the brown color). On top of all that, it was stale, dry and warm. The worst excuse for fried rice I've ever eaten. The lunch was so bad we had to flag down the manager and tell him we wanted to return it and order something else. Three of the four people in my party returned their lunches. They were that bad. For my second lunch, I ordered the beef Pho. This was actually really good. No complaints! My fiance ordered the Chicken Bun (Vietnamese noodle salad) with egg rolls. Our server conveniently failed to mention that she would be adding an order of eggrolls for $4.79 on top of his order of the noodles. (In many Vietnamese restaurants, it's common to get Bun with both meat and eggrolls.) So when the bill came, his noodle dish cost nearly $13 instead of $8. I explained to the manager that we wouldn't have ordered the eggrolls if we knew we'd be charged for an entire appetizer. He basically threw his server under the bus, saying she should've told us, but there was nothing he could do about the charge and if I wanted to take it out her tip, go ahead.  So, even though the Pho was good, and the Bun was good, we will never be going back to Kinh Do because 1) I can't eat at an Asian restaurant that serves La Choy and 2) the manager was very unprofessional and treated his employee so badly. He definitely had the power to take off or at least minimize the eggroll charge, and he chose not to do it. I guess I should just be happy he didn't charge us for the daily lunch special we ordered. I'm guessing he was okay throwing it out because it probably cost him $1 at the most.  I'm actually a bit sad about today's experience because we live close to Kinh Do and I enjoy supporting family-owned restaurants. Plus, I love Vietnamese and Chinese food and it offers both (although the Chinese part is highly questionable). In any case, I will be giving Szechuan Spice and Quang's my business until I discover something else.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|We ordered pad thai, beef curry and holy basil. All of the food was very tasty and came in large portions but also came with a price. Every dish was above $10 which I thought was a little high. The rice included w/ the beef curry and holy basil were small, our server combined the rice included w/ these dishes in a single bowl which was not enough. The low rating is due to the horrendous service. Our waitress had a thick Vietnamese accent which was tough to understand. She refilled our rice bowl only after we were already done eating. When we asked for plastic to go containers for our leftovers with sauce she was hesitant to give us more then one. The restaurant offers 3% off if you pay w/ cash, which we did but never got our change back. What happened was right before our leftovers were packed we ordered a side or rice since they didn't give us much, the rice cost $1.25 which they decided to pay from the change I was suppose to get, they never told us they were going to do this so we waited and waited for our change and only when we asked for our change they told us what they had done, very unprofessional. I had to eye the waitress for 5 mins just to ask to get my water refilled and keep in mind the restaurant was empty only one other person was eating there at the same time. I would not recommend anyone to eat at the restaurant but rather suggest to them to get to go instead since the food was good. But take this suggestion light hearted because I have not yet gotten to go from this place and don't know if the portions are reduced. So be warned.
kinhdo-vietnamese-restaurant-minneapolis-2|We ordered pad thai, beef curry and holy basil. All of the food was very tasty and came in large portions but also came with a price. Every dish was above $10 which I thought was a little high. The rice included w/ the beef curry and holy basil were small, our server combined the rice included w/ these dishes in a single bowl which was not enough. The low rating is due to the horrendous service. Our waitress had a thick Vietnamese accent which was tough to understand. She refilled our rice bowl only after we were already done eating. When we asked for plastic to go containers for our leftovers with sauce she was hesitant to give us more then one. The restaurant offers 3% off if you pay w/ cash, which we did but never got our change back. What happened was right before our leftovers were packed we ordered a side or rice since they didn't give us much, the rice cost $1.25 which they decided to pay from the change I was suppose to get, they never told us they were going to do this so we waited and waited for our change and only when we asked for our change they told us what they had done, very unprofessional. I had to eye the waitress for 5 mins just to ask to get my water refilled and keep in mind the restaurant was empty only one other person was eating there at the same time. I would not recommend anyone to eat at the restaurant but rather suggest to them to get to go instead since the food was good. But take this suggestion light hearted because I have not yet gotten to go from this place and don't know if the portions are reduced. So be warned.
evergreen-minneapolis|Hmm, I guess I should go here and actually try their vegetarian options, which this place seems to be well-known for. It really isn't anything spectacular, to be honest. Pretty average Chinese cuisine, good for when I'm feeling like eating salty, oily goodness. Or...maybe I just haven't tried the right dishes. So far, I've had their Taiwanese Style stir fried noodles and fried rice and hot & sour soup. My favorite would be the hot & sour soup; it was the perfect thing to cure my congested self, steamy and slightly spicy. The fried rice, I mean the only thing to screw that up is if you didn't fry it. So, yeah, I will just need to find the right assortment of dishes to order next time.
evergreen-minneapolis|After hearing a number of vegans and vegetarians rave about Evergreen Chinese restaurant in Minneapolis, and reading positive reviews, I finally gave it a try. While the food was fine, the overall experience fell flat. Evergreen does offer the most extensive vegan and vegetarian Asian menu I've seen in the Twin Cities, including mock-chicken,-beef, -pork and -seafood, but they're in typical Chinese dishes and presented in a dining experience that leaves something to be desired. To be fair, I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food, preferring the flavors, textures and preparation of Southeast Asian cuisines including Vietnamese and Thai. Also, dining out, for me, is as much about the experience, including ambiance and service, as it is about the food. The prices are very affordable, and ordering take-out from Evergreen could possibly upgrade my opinion of the food. We started with the fried tofu ($3.95) and vegetarian spring rolls ($3), which were both good, but aside from soy sauce, there was no other dipping sauce and flavor was lacking. Always willing to try unusual menu items, we had the garlic seaweed knots and five-spice boiled peanuts ($1.75 each). Seaweed can be an acquired taste, and is usually delicious in a salad or soup, but one bite of this seaweed appetizer was enough to last a lifetime - very murky. The peanuts were interesting and damp and with a slight tobacco flavor. The 3-cup tofu ($9.95) was nicely flavored with garlic, basil and ginger and the house-style tofu ($7.95) had onion, peapods, mushrooms, bamboo shoots, broccoli and water chestnuts in a spicy sauce with lots of red chili flakes. The veggie lo mein with tofu ($8.45) had the seared, smoky flavor that it should. Sweet and sour "chicken" ($9.75) was typical with battered pieces of mock chicken in a bright orange sauce with canned pineapple chunks and undercooked green pepper. It was all good, just nothing special. The restaurant is located below street level, so there are no windows. There is no ambiance - just a square white room with utilitarian tables and chairs. The tables are set with the paper Chinese zodiac placemats you don't see often anymore. After trying a new restaurant, the true test is whether or not I would come back again. The experience at Evergreen doesn't have me looking forward to a return visit. On the other hand, the food and experience at Rice Paper in Linden Hills, Azia and Jasmine 26 on Nicollet Ave. in Minneapolis, and Na's Thai Caf in Chanhassen, are worth coming back, time and again. Evergreen is located on Eat Street at 2424 Nicollet Ave. in Minneapolis. For more information:  examiner.com/x-10371-Min
evergreen-minneapolis|I can't remember the last time I had bad Chinese food, until this past Sunday. I thought I'd stop here for a cheap meal and was surprised at all the $10-12 dishes. I ended up going with the Taiwanese stir fried noodles for a reasonable $6.95, but instead got charged over $9 for not specifying rice noodles. Oh well, I figured, if it's as good as everyone says it'll be worth it. What I got was mostly flavorless, watery noodles with shrimp and strange smelling pork (not mentioned on the menu, for any vegans/vegetarians out there) with a bland pool of soupy liquid on the bottom. Is that really how they do stir fried noodles in Taiwan? I truly hope not. Regardless of the raving for other items this was so bad and had no place being on the menu that I'm never returning. The almost plain cooked vegetables were the highlight of the dish and made me wish I was eating my high-end .90 cent ramen which is vastly superior and 1/10th the cost.
evergreen-minneapolis|I can't remember the last time I had bad Chinese food, until this past Sunday. I thought I'd stop here for a cheap meal and was surprised at all the $10-12 dishes. I ended up going with the Taiwanese stir fried noodles for a reasonable $6.95, but instead got charged over $9 for not specifying rice noodles. Oh well, I figured, if it's as good as everyone says it'll be worth it. What I got was mostly flavorless, watery noodles with shrimp and strange smelling pork (not mentioned on the menu, for any vegans/vegetarians out there) with a bland pool of soupy liquid on the bottom. Is that really how they do stir fried noodles in Taiwan? I truly hope not. Regardless of the raving for other items this was so bad and had no place being on the menu that I'm never returning. The almost plain cooked vegetables were the highlight of the dish and made me wish I was eating my high-end .90 cent ramen which is vastly superior and 1/10th the cost.
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|Wow!! Have been to Shuang Cheng many times and have always been delighted with the meals there. What the heck is going on now, I wonder? Shrimp eggs foo young and pork chow mein were bland and utterly devoid of flavor. A *colossal* disappointment. Service was fine, as it should have been since we were in at about 4:30. I hope this is some sort of aberration. I'll go another time, maybe order my usual pan fried noodles. If that's a bust, too, I'll stick with Ho Ho Gourmet (East St. Paul) or Asia (Columbia Heights).
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|Wow!! Have been to Shuang Cheng many times and have always been delighted with the meals there. What the heck is going on now, I wonder? Shrimp eggs foo young and pork chow mein were bland and utterly devoid of flavor. A *colossal* disappointment. Service was fine, as it should have been since we were in at about 4:30. I hope this is some sort of aberration. I'll go another time, maybe order my usual pan fried noodles. If that's a bust, too, I'll stick with Ho Ho Gourmet (East St. Paul) or Asia (Columbia Heights).
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|Both food and service are deserving of a 1. Food: the tea was rather bad, and tasted like either super cheap tea or a 2nd brewing. The rice was AWFUL. Rubbery, cold, and stuck together in a clump. Really, I think any Chinese restaurant should have at least semi decent rice. The actual food I got (they called it a beef hot pot........ yeah, that wasn't hot pot.) was a solid 1 in quality, since it was drowning in tasteless sauce and there wasn't much beef. However, I will say that it was HOT when it arrived, which was definitely a plus. Service: after ~10 minutes of eating, the guy gave me the check. I wasn't even half way done with eating!! And when I ignored it, he kept walking by and giving me looks. Seriously rude. None of the servers even talked to me, just kind of awkwardly stood there when I was giving my order.
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|I haven't gone here to eat in for a couple years, but the takeout I got last week was pretty abysmal.  The good: it was fairly cheap (I ordered the sesame chicken lunch special, which is good until 4pm- pretty late for lunch) and there was a lot of food with the order. However, it was awful. The three cream cheese wontons that came with my meal tasted like they had died a few years ago, and the chicken was sitting on cheap lettuce in a really bad sauce. Maybe it's better if you sit down for a meal; I certainly hope so, but I am going to avoid this place in the future.
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|I haven't gone here to eat in for a couple years, but the takeout I got last week was pretty abysmal.  The good: it was fairly cheap (I ordered the sesame chicken lunch special, which is good until 4pm- pretty late for lunch) and there was a lot of food with the order. However, it was awful. The three cream cheese wontons that came with my meal tasted like they had died a few years ago, and the chicken was sitting on cheap lettuce in a really bad sauce. Maybe it's better if you sit down for a meal; I certainly hope so, but I am going to avoid this place in the future.
shuang-cheng-restaurant-minneapolis|Good restaurant for authentic Chinese seafood (e.g. steamed fish) and snow peas (fresh). Don't forget to check the menu board mounted high on the wall (er, I can't remember if it's only in Chinese, but you should bring your Chinese-speaking friends anyway). Not-so-stellar beef chow fun -they tend to let the noodles get cooked stuck together. Typically-good cream cheese puffs (I did not order these, no, it was not I). Validates parking for the lot tucked across the street. Reasonable service.
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|The issue with this place is the inconsistency. This is a collective opinion from a group of us who grew up in Southeast Asia. The char kuey teow is a hit or miss. What happened to the wok/ charred taste it used to have when the restaurant first opened? I am starting to question if the Malaysian dishes on the menu are really authentic Malaysian or it just ordinary Chinese food. :( The sambal that came with the Nasi Lemak was also seriously pathetic. You could definitely put more on the dish. It is not too much to ask. Since it was a take-out, I didn't really want to go back. Come on, owner! You are Malaysian so you know exactly what I am talking about. It will be hard to get your locals back if things don't improve. I sure hope these constructive criticisms will help you re-evaluate the food in your restaurant and hope you will continue to flourish in this business. You are a great addition to the diversity of food and culture in my neighborhood so I definitely want you to stay opened for a very long time. Good luck!
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|The issue with this place is the inconsistency. This is a collective opinion from a group of us who grew up in Southeast Asia. The char kuey teow is a hit or miss. What happened to the wok/ charred taste it used to have when the restaurant first opened? I am starting to question if the Malaysian dishes on the menu are really authentic Malaysian or it just ordinary Chinese food. :( The sambal that came with the Nasi Lemak was also seriously pathetic. You could definitely put more on the dish. It is not too much to ask. Since it was a take-out, I didn't really want to go back. Come on, owner! You are Malaysian so you know exactly what I am talking about. It will be hard to get your locals back if things don't improve. I sure hope these constructive criticisms will help you re-evaluate the food in your restaurant and hope you will continue to flourish in this business. You are a great addition to the diversity of food and culture in my neighborhood so I definitely want you to stay opened for a very long time. Good luck!
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|Went in to finally try this place with some friends and I had the mentality that I really wanted to like it due to my penchant for both Indian and Chinese food. while the food wasn't bad the real issue simply put was the attitude of our server Nina Wong, I know this is her name because she persistently and awkwardly forced one of her real estate agent cards into my hand and my friends. When ordering we had a few basic questions because this was our first time trying this establishment, we were greeted with a very short and discourteous non-response to any question, for example the dish I was ordering was a blend of Indian and Chinese cuisine so I asked if they used chili oil or what type of spice was used to make the dish spicy, she responded with a curt and sharp "just try it like is" with a scowl on her face as though she was speaking down to a child that was asking something foolish. to which I patiently and still politely responded "What I'm asking is do you use Indian style spices or Chinese style such as chili oil to make the dish spicy?" I asked because I can't eat the whole red pepper seeds in the Chinese type of chili oil that most Chinese places use. She responded this time with a worsening of her cold disposition squinting at me and furrowing her brow adding very sharply "we use cayenne to spice our food" with a tone that suggested again that she looked at people as foolish for asking her any questions and that no one should be asking her any questions. even my friends who came in to dine with me who are generally very pleasant natured and reserved commented that she came across as very unnecessarily rude. this type of attitude from her continued throughout the meal, not to mention the fact that when the other table of two that was in the restaurant left and we were the only ones left in the restaurant she rarely came to check on us, we even had to get up and go find her at the end of our meal just to pay because after waiting nearly 20 minutes she never came back to check on us or bring our ticket, she of course offered no apology for this. It wasn't as though someone in our party was rude or disorderly, in fact we were all in a very friendly and polite mood and even excited about trying out the restaurant. to be quite honest the whole dining experience was a bit embarrassing to be treated like that in public in front of friends for no reason, we all agreed that just based on the service we probably wouldn't be back.
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|Note: Asian person here reviewing Asian restaurant. My expectations/experience may have differed from yours. I came here for lunch with a friend (who paid for everything) after he had been raving about it for a long time. And ever since then, I've been battling with myself over what Yelp rating to give it. I decided on the harsher option because some of the crimes were simply unforgivable. We first shared an appetizer of shrimp toast. Whatever. Typical white-boy fare. Wasn't expecting much, but it was better than expected. He ordered the beef chow fun (spicy level: hot) and I ordered the chow mai fun, singapore style (spicy level: medium). My thoughts about each dish: Beef chow fun should never be cooked spicy. It's incorrect to even offer it. If the patron wishes to make a special request or add hot sauce later, that's their choice - but to offer it standard is simply wrong. My Singapore rice noodles were cooked fine, but there were way too many onions for my taste. Also, this dish should not come with a variable spicy rating - it has curry powder in it. Just leave it at that. But whatever. We finished everything, so clearly it wasn't that bad. Everything else being fine, I'd have given this place a 3-star review. BUT. Each dish costs $12. The no idea how much the shrimp toast cost, but man, that's really pricey for mediocre noodles. I can go to any real Chinese restaurant get order either of the dishes for $8-$9 and I'd get enough to feed myself for two meals. In my mind, they charged my 25% more than they should have and gave me 50% less. Ambience be damned if you over-charge me for noodles.
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|I went to Chindian Cafe for lunch after reading all the good reviews posted on Yelp. But I have to say I was a little disappointed at the food. This is a small establishment on E Hennepin Ave, right off hwy 35W. The dumpling in the appetizer menu is not what you expect from other Chinese restaurant. It was very small and over fried (maybe that's their style). The Chow Mai Fun I had was dry and spicy. I recommend most people should get "mild" instead of medium like I did. The Indian spice pretty much masked all the taste of the dish. For lunch, expect to spend average $13/person. I will give this place another try next month and see if other dishes are better than the ones I had today.
chin-dian-cafe-minneapolis|Not really a family friendly place. We were looking a for a great local Asian restaurant that we could regularly do take out from near NE. But this WILL NOT be it. We arrived last night and a family, along with another couple arrived 5-10 minutes after we did, but they took their orders first (even after we told them we were ready to order). We finally ordered and our food arrived 40 minutes after we arrived. Not great when you have a 2.5 yr old. The menu said each dish a freshly made to order. We ordered 2 dishes (sesame chicken & chicken chin dian) and both were good. We asked for a small order of rice noodles and chicken for our child. When one of the owners brought our order she said, we can only make one size. It was just that...some noodles and little bits of chicken and a few stems of broccoli. THEY CHARGED US FULL PRICE ($12). Had I received that as my meal I would have sent it back. But of course we did not know until the bill came (or I had to go get the bill). The groupon we had covered that. I wanted to be able to recommend this place to our neighbors and friends in the area, but I will actually suggest not even trying. Service was poor (unfriendly and slow), but food is good a bit pricey.
keefer-court-bakery-and-caf-minneapolis-2|This was kinda a gem in it's location. Walked here from Triple Rock because it looked pretty delish when we drove by it. The bakery items were limited when I was there but I got a winter melon cake and some red bean cakes. They were ok, not the best but not the worst. They just seemed like they had been sitting there for awhile and they weren't as affordable as I've seen in other bakeries around the country. Some were 1.35 and others were 2.50, but I totally understand the amount of time and work that goes into them, just wish they were fresher. I did enjoy the beef curry puffs though.  I also got the egg noodle soup with duck to go and that was pretty fab. The broth itself was pretty tasty, however I got extra veggies and I do not think they were rinsed that well because when I threw it in the both and ate it, it became really gritty and tasted sandy and immediately that made me want to just gag. The duck was good though, flavorful and really enriched the broth. Cash only. Overall, I thought it was good. The to-go order looked pretty sad when you get a side of veggies it's really like 4 pieces, and the amount of duck was minimal but I honestly would go here again if I was in the area to try out the wontons that everyone talks about.
keefer-court-bakery-and-caf-minneapolis-2|Whenever I talk about liking congee to a Chinese person, they make fun of me for it being pauper food... but whatever, I like congee. It's so warm and comforting and porridgey and you can put all kinds of different stuff in it. Today, I chose salty pork and preserved duck egg. I thought I had had this kind of duck egg before, but when it arrived at the table I realized I hadn't. It's black and its consistency is like if you mated an egg and jello - and the yolk is dark green. I looked at a slice for a second, shrugged, and shoveled it in. It tasted nowhere near as weird as it looked. Honestly, it just tasted like a hardboiled duck egg that was jello-y for some reason. Part of me wished it did taste weirder, or at least stronger, because the congee NEEDED some flavor. I know, I know, it's rice porridge and it's not supposed to have flavor. But if you're going to put stuff in congee if should be ridiculously over-flavored to compensate for all the rice porridge. I had high hopes for the salty pork... but except for a few random pieces, it really wasn't salty. Just pork. Also picked up a custard bun on the way out. It was pretty bland. I may try the buns later this week, because that's what everyone seems to be raving about, and while I was sitting there for about an hour eating congee, roughly 10 people came in and ordered either curry buns or char siu bao to go, whereas 0 of them came in and ate congee with me. Statistics don't lie!
keefer-court-bakery-and-caf-minneapolis-2|My husband and I dined here about 4 years ago and also got a few egg tarts and steamed buns at the time. We didn't particularly like our meal or the bakery items then, but today I had a craving for chow fun and we really didn't want to deal with campus parking at lunch time. I got the beef chow fun and my husband got the beef and broccoli combo. There were older Chinese patrons all around us so maybe we're missing what we should actually be ordering, but the chow fun wasn't very good and the beef that came with it tasted awful (like meat gone bad) with a bad aftertaste. My husband's lunch was not much better, he ate it all anyway. We took a gamble but now we know for sure we won't be going back. Oh well.
que-viet-village-house-one-minneapolis|Dont let the word Vietnamese fool you...this isnt Vietnamese at all. We had horrible experience from this place. We ordered off the American menu(the only menu) and I opted for the the Beef and potato dish. Sounds and looks good; we get home and it was literally inedible. I had to throw it away it was laddend with grease and oil. One thing I hear is that their one redeeming quaility is their egg rolls....but you won't see me in there. I wish Pho Tau Bay would open up another restaurant in NE.
que-viet-village-house-one-minneapolis|I believe the tropical monsoon that had turned the atmosphere over Minneapolis into a meteorological tribute to Saigon brought about my sudden craving for pho yesterday. After an evaluation to determine that my craving wasn't pregnancy related, I realized I was fine. One must have a sex life to be pregnant, after all. I gave in to my phixation and used my handy smart phone to phind me some pho.  Armed with some positive Yelp reviews, I set off to St. Paul's Pho 79. Unfortunately, upon arrival I discovered they are closed on Sundays. After I cursed the Sabbath, I found myself navigating toward "Nordeast" to visit Que Viet Village House. Parking near the restaurant is scarce, as with most of Minneapolis, so I parked my car on a residential street a block away and hoofed it in. The restaurant itself is fairly typical of most Asian eateries around the country, a drab mismatch of cracked tiles, uncomfortable plastic chairs, and utilitarian tables. I did find some humor in the musical selections being piped through the the restaurant. There is nothing like a little "Guantanamera" and a mariachi rendition of Linda Ronstadt's "Blue Bayou" to get one in the mood for an Asian meal. I was promptly seated and given a tattered, laminated menu. After scanning it intently, I discovered a small problem. In my haste, I had assumed "pho restaurant" and "Vietnamese Cuisine" were synonymous. After all, I have had extensive experience with Vietnamese fare in my native Las Vegas. It isn't possible to throw a ceramic spoon more than seven feet in Vegas's Chinatown without hitting a pho house or massage parlor. After a second and third menu reading, my horror was confirmed. There was no pho to be had. I settled on egg rolls and shrimp lo mein. The egg rolls were fantastic. If they weren't so unhealthy, I would have had a second order. The lo mien was so-so. There was not enough liquid/sauce left over from the cooking process to keep the dish moist and when the rice was added it was like eating an Asian-inspired bowl of paste. The fortune cookie was also disappointing. The texture was chewy and instead of offering me hope of love or riches, the fortune informed me that reading was the key to my happiness. Seriously? I will give Que Viet Village House three stars. The service was good and the egg rolls were outstanding. I give them the benefit of the doubt and say my displeasure with the lo mein was slightly seasoned by my deep disappointment over the lack of pho. I have also learned an important lesson. "Pho" and "Vietnamese Cuisine" are not interchangeable phrases. (But they should be!)
que-viet-village-house-one-minneapolis|I believe the tropical monsoon that had turned the atmosphere over Minneapolis into a meteorological tribute to Saigon brought about my sudden craving for pho yesterday. After an evaluation to determine that my craving wasn't pregnancy related, I realized I was fine. One must have a sex life to be pregnant, after all. I gave in to my phixation and used my handy smart phone to phind me some pho.  Armed with some positive Yelp reviews, I set off to St. Paul's Pho 79. Unfortunately, upon arrival I discovered they are closed on Sundays. After I cursed the Sabbath, I found myself navigating toward "Nordeast" to visit Que Viet Village House. Parking near the restaurant is scarce, as with most of Minneapolis, so I parked my car on a residential street a block away and hoofed it in. The restaurant itself is fairly typical of most Asian eateries around the country, a drab mismatch of cracked tiles, uncomfortable plastic chairs, and utilitarian tables. I did find some humor in the musical selections being piped through the the restaurant. There is nothing like a little "Guantanamera" and a mariachi rendition of Linda Ronstadt's "Blue Bayou" to get one in the mood for an Asian meal. I was promptly seated and given a tattered, laminated menu. After scanning it intently, I discovered a small problem. In my haste, I had assumed "pho restaurant" and "Vietnamese Cuisine" were synonymous. After all, I have had extensive experience with Vietnamese fare in my native Las Vegas. It isn't possible to throw a ceramic spoon more than seven feet in Vegas's Chinatown without hitting a pho house or massage parlor. After a second and third menu reading, my horror was confirmed. There was no pho to be had. I settled on egg rolls and shrimp lo mein. The egg rolls were fantastic. If they weren't so unhealthy, I would have had a second order. The lo mien was so-so. There was not enough liquid/sauce left over from the cooking process to keep the dish moist and when the rice was added it was like eating an Asian-inspired bowl of paste. The fortune cookie was also disappointing. The texture was chewy and instead of offering me hope of love or riches, the fortune informed me that reading was the key to my happiness. Seriously? I will give Que Viet Village House three stars. The service was good and the egg rolls were outstanding. I give them the benefit of the doubt and say my displeasure with the lo mein was slightly seasoned by my deep disappointment over the lack of pho. I have also learned an important lesson. "Pho" and "Vietnamese Cuisine" are not interchangeable phrases. (But they should be!)
que-viet-village-house-one-minneapolis|Egg rolls are good, but don't get as excited at these previous reviews should indicate. It's a pretty standard Asian food restaurant, with nothing that Vietnamese on the menu. Typical Asian food place that lists "Hot & Spicy Chicken" as the "most famous dish." Staff is super friendly and punctual. Good lunch spot.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Unfortunately I had a bad experience at this restaurant when I found a bug in my food :(. I was having lunch with a friend and we both ordered soup, with some potstickers and eggrolls to share. I had the Buddha soup, and I actually thought that it was okay, but lacking flavor. It wasn't until we were nearly done with our lunch when I took a big bite out of one of the last potstickers, turned it over, and then noticed one nice-size crispy bug larva with little legs just sitting there crusted to the side of my posticker :(!! Thankfully, it wasn't only half a bug I guess, lol...  I didn't want to make a big deal out of it because my friend had chosen the restaurant - but I'm sure you can imagine how it might be more than a little bit disconcerting! Anyway, we showed the waitress and she ended up *not* charging us for the potstickers, but seriously, with a bug like that the manager probably should have come out and given us a free meal.... just sayin! I feel bad about leaving a review about this incident, but I believe the point of sites like Yelp is to help share information with others. Both the good and the bad! Anyway - maybe they need to clean the kitchen :(?? Sorry Tea House!!
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Disclaimer: I only ended up at this restaurant because the first 2 my friend and I checked out were closed for that particular Monday.  As someone spoiled by Chinese food in the Bay Area, I have been a little hesitant to try Chinese food without doing my due diligence research beforehand. As that wasn't the case this time around, we ended up ordering the chicken in garlic sauce and the Szechuan green beans. The chicken was fine, but the sauce was much too spicy for what it is and had far too much chili oil. The green beans were unexpected because Szechuan food tends to be on the spicier side of the spectrum, and the beans were absolutely not spicy. They were good though and I would order the dish again. I am interested in coming here to try the dim sum in the future.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Bad experience here.  Came here on a Monday at around 12:30. Happened to be in the area with my mom and nephew in tow. We decided to order off the lunch menu.  My food (spicy chicken) came out first with my nephew's (shrimp with veggies) about a minute later. At that point the server said that my mom's (wonton soup with spring rolls) "would be right out." I was starving so I started to eat. A few minutes later the server updates "just a few more minutes" and then "I just checked and they said it would be right out" and then "it will be out in 2 minutes. Grrr.  So, about 5 minutes after his last 2 minute warning and a total of about 15-20 minutes AFTER THE REST OF THE FOOD ARRIVED, my mom's soup and spring rolls appeared. Luckily my mom was eating some food off my nephew's plate or she might have gone crazy. At about that point a guy was going around to all the tables asking "if everything was good." I asked if he was the manager: "I am sort of the assistant manager." (Ok, what?). I tell him the issue. "So sorry!" he apologized repeatedly. He informs me that the wonton soup takes 20 minutes to cook and he would let my server know the problem. Umm, he knows dude, he is the one that kept telling us it was about to come out for 15 minutes. He offers to get the owner. OK, perfect.  Owner (I guess) comes out and I explain the problem. "So sorry" he apologizes. "The server is new." What? So you are blaming the server? How the hell is it his fault? Was he not supposed to bring out the other food until the soup was done. I guess it should have waited under some warming lamp for 15 minutes? Or was he cooking too? He offers us dessert. We decline as we are trying to end our nearly hour long lunch at this point.  The best part: as we were walking out, the "sort of assistant manager" says "We will be faster next time." Makes me laugh that he is so naive to think there will be a next time. The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because the spicy chicken I got was actually really good. tl;dr: Two thirds of the food came out, had to wait 15-20 for the rest of the food. An hour to get and eat 3 items off the lunch menu. Owner blamed server.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|We have gone in the past and liked the service and food in the evening, however we tried the Sunday Buffet and I was totally surprised at the lack of organization, food items with no identification of what it was out of drinks at the counter no sugar no coffee no tea. Not happy, there was no service to mention of except at the door when we came in. after the bill was paid the hostess added a tip to my bill...I don't think you can do that? Did not find out till I got home.  I told a lot of people about this Restaurant in the past, will not in the future. Food Was Not What I expected from the past. It was not good to me at all.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Tea House has great ambience and service, but the food options for vegans and vegetarians are highly limited. For one thing, almost all of the dishes labeled "vegetarian" contain oyster sauce. There are only a couple of dishes that are inherently meat- and fish-free. Make sure to ask many questions about ingredients. I made a suggestion to the staff to properly label their menus to indicate that oyster sauce is in many of the dishes, but who knows if they'll make that change/disclosure. We had a "house tofu" ($10) which was slabs of tofu and cabbage in a spicy chili oil. This dish was pretty good though it was pretty expensive considering the portion size. Also, it's extremely spicy, so be warned.  The Chinese broccoli dish we had was similarly slight in terms of portion size, and was just a simple stir-fry. It was tasty enough, but seemed more like an appetizer and was something I could have prepared at home myself. I think those were the only two inherently vegan/vegetarian dishes on the menu. Other dishes couldn't be modified to be veg., unfortunately. Sadly, Tea House does not offer brown rice. I'd come back here if they added more vegan dishes, the way Little Szechuan or Evergreen (the two front-runners for quality Chinese food in the Twin Cities) do.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Tea House used to be the best place for Chinese food. As they have expanded the quality has apparently been diluted among their several locations. Still, the food is okay and that is measured on rather high standards. Standards Tea House helped establish years ago when they brought in that famous Szechuan chef to work their single location. You should always compare favorably to your past, not the other way around.  Service is above average. This location has nice plates!  Safe and comfortable bet to bring your boss to if they aren't Chinese. If you have a connoisseur of Chinese visiting from out of town, then skip this location.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|I'm sure the people at the Tea House knew that we were going to be a handful from the time we walked in--but we should have trusted our gut instinct and headed out when we wanted a relatively quick lunch and saw how busy they were. We walked in to the Tea House on our way home from picking up the boyfriend's scooter at Bluecat Motors. We were running short on time, but wanted some tasty Asian food. I had heard about this new Tea House restaurant, and we were on University, so it made sense to stop in.  We stood at the host stand for a good few minutes, looking at the menu, before anyone came by. A gentleman in a suit coat and jeans encouraged us to take a look at the menu--which we had already been doing. I asked him if he worked there, since he seemed like he had been engrossed in conversation with a woman at the bar. He said that he did, and was pleasantly funny while he sat us, and assured us that if we ordered from the lunch menu, the food would be 'out to us in minutes' and we could indeed have a fast lunch. He also assured us that Roby would give us good service. Roby stopped by right away to take our orders. The lunch menu is strangely laid out, so it looked like there were only soups on the menu. Roby didn't know how to pronounce "Lo Mein" (he called it low-mine instead of lo-Maine...but then, maybe I'm wrong!), and didn't seem to know much about the food, but tevs. I ordered the General Tao's chicken, and the boyfriend ordered a soup. A minute later, he realised that I had ordered something that was NOT soup, and he wanted to change his order. He thought it would be ok, and just stuck to the soup. It took Roby foreverrrrrr to bring us two glasses of ice water. He didn't bring out the hot and sour soup that came with my meal until after I had received my meal. The boyfriend's soup was so oily and spicy that he couldn't eat it. We asked for a replacement entree, which did come out quickly. My 'spicy' chicken was far too sweet. There was no soy sauce on the table, and requests for it yielded none. It took a while to get the check, and even longer for our cards to be run. THe manager had neglected to remove the soup from our bill, and the server neglected to notice we had been charged for three entrees instead of two. It took a long time. Based on the lunch experience, I don't think I'll be back for lunch. Based on the prices I saw on the dinner menu, I doubt I'll be back for dinner. I'm glad I tried the new place, though!
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|I am a fan of the Tea House's other locations and so I was excited to try out its newest restaurant, on University Ave. in Minneapolis near the U and the new football stadium. Came here with the family and have to say we were a bit disappointed.  As a backdrop, I have to explain that when I evaluate a place, it's often by comparison to something similar. In this case, I compare Tea House to Little Szechuan a few miles away on University Avenue, where we go frequently. LS wins out, so far. Details: 1. Tea House has the more beautiful space, no doubt.  2. The TH menu is similar to LS and I would estimate that the TH prices are a buck or two higher on similar items.  3. We found the flavors of the TH items to be unremarkable - just a bit too ordinary. The eggplant in garlic sauce needed some more kick. Our girls felt their lo mein orders were just OK.  4. TH messed up our order in that my wife ordered a scallops dish and they brought her shrimp. She also felt the dish was bland. 5. TH skimped on portion sizes. With the tip, a meal at either place can easily wind up around $70, but at Little Szechuan we'll at least have some leftovers for another night. We had very little left over from TH.  Obviously this is just an opinion and it's early yet. We hope TH tweaks some of these aspects and improves.  P.S., be aware that the restaurant, as far as I can tell, has no dedicated parking -- no lot -- only street parking. This could be inconvenient at busy times.
tea-house-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|Went here to see if there was any hope of decent soup dumplings in Minneapolis. Unfortunately the xi long bao are terrible here and not worth the trip. Still looking for decent soup dumplings until I can get back to a branch of din tai fung.
china-express-minneapolis|This place is just a rip off. The fried rice is a pathetic excuse of edible food that should not be consumed. Our sesame chicken was absolutely pitiful and the delivery was painfully slow. There are better places to go than this place I know that.
kims-vietnamese-and-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|While in my old hood, I decided to stop by Kim's to get my pho fix. Upon entering, I became nostalgic about the old Viet joints I used to dine at with my fam as a shorty. Everything from the evergreen marble tables to the playing of Paris By Night -- a cheesy Vietnamese production where Viet "singers" lip-sync to American or Vietnamese love pop music that's about the war, love, or any combo of the two -- filling the room. I love it. The menu is typical, and I ordered a caf sua da, goi cuon, and pho dac biet. *Goi Guon: Disappointing. The herbs could've been fresher and the shrimp and pork tasted flavorless. Also, I couldn't stomach the thick sauce and forced myself to eat the second spring roll out of respect. This appetizer needs to improve. (1/5) *Pho Dac Biet: Not bad! Although a little sweet, the broth made my meal much more enjoyable with its smell and wonderful balance of spices. Perfect for the cold weather. (4/5) *Caf Sua Da: I never got it, but it was cool. I didn't feel like drinking anything afterwards, anyway. (NA) *Service: Sure, she forgot my drink, but my server (Kim?) was very sweet. Could've been a bit faster, though. (3/5) Overall, it was a pretty "meh" to "ok" experience. Hopefully, they can improve their spring rolls, because Central Ave (a street I grew up on) could always use an additional ethnic eatery.  I'm looking forward to dropping by again in the future. Best of luck.
kims-vietnamese-and-chinese-restaurant-minneapolis|While in my old hood, I decided to stop by Kim's to get my pho fix. Upon entering, I became nostalgic about the old Viet joints I used to dine at with my fam as a shorty. Everything from the evergreen marble tables to the playing of Paris By Night -- a cheesy Vietnamese production where Viet "singers" lip-sync to American or Vietnamese love pop music that's about the war, love, or any combo of the two -- filling the room. I love it. The menu is typical, and I ordered a caf sua da, goi cuon, and pho dac biet. *Goi Guon: Disappointing. The herbs could've been fresher and the shrimp and pork tasted flavorless. Also, I couldn't stomach the thick sauce and forced myself to eat the second spring roll out of respect. This appetizer needs to improve. (1/5) *Pho Dac Biet: Not bad! Although a little sweet, the broth made my meal much more enjoyable with its smell and wonderful balance of spices. Perfect for the cold weather. (4/5) *Caf Sua Da: I never got it, but it was cool. I didn't feel like drinking anything afterwards, anyway. (NA) *Service: Sure, she forgot my drink, but my server (Kim?) was very sweet. Could've been a bit faster, though. (3/5) Overall, it was a pretty "meh" to "ok" experience. Hopefully, they can improve their spring rolls, because Central Ave (a street I grew up on) could always use an additional ethnic eatery.  I'm looking forward to dropping by again in the future. Best of luck.
camdi-minneapolis|It is wonderful to have a separate vegan menu (which is why we came to Camdi in the first place). I would say, however, that it is a little overpriced (over $9 for a vegan dinner entree) for what you get.  The main problem for me was the spice level. My hot and sour soup was nearly inedible and was overflowing with chili flakes. I ended up swapping soups with my boyfriend (he had a nice tasting, simple, vegetable soup). And he could barely eat it. (And he's someone that can take spice -- he adds hot sauce to everything.) The curry with imitation pork was okay. Not a remarkable or memorable curry sauce, and the imitation pork was strangely soft. (I probably should have gone for tofu instead -- I rarely see veggie pork on menus out here, though, and I set the unreasonable expectation that it might be close to the succulent vegan pork at Vegetarian Paradise 2 in NYC.) My boyfriend got the hot and spicy (again, he loves heat), and boy was it hot and spicy. There were just mounds of chili flakes coating everything. I'm talking at least a mounding 1/4 cup of chili flakes in the dish. After trying valiantly to eat the dish, the cook asked how we were doing, and we mentioned that it was too hot. She was very kind and made us a mini portion with a reasonable amount of chili. (Up one star for great service!) The now edible dish, however, wasn't anything to write home about (the sauce was a bit too sweet). If I were to return, it'd probably be a much better experience because I'd just ask for things to be on the milder side (and then add hot sauce myself if need be). But, given the relatively high prices and the unremarkable food (once the heat issues were resolved), I probably won't bother.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|First, let's start with a little bit of background information. My parents are originally from Hong Kong, and I grew up in Toronto, Canada, one of the biggest Cantonese centers outside of Hong Kong. So i'm a little biased. The location itself wasn't very hard to find, and the parking lot out back is pretty convenient. There are plenty of tables and several large circular tables for larger parties. The benefit of the round table is that it allows for family style dining, which is the traditional way. Dishes can be easily passed around and everyone gets a good view of what's available. The menu was pretty diverse, but the prices were a bit higher than I would have guessed. I'm guessing that's pretty standard though since there aren't a lot of good Chinese restaurants to select from. The food came out pretty quick and was served hot and fresh. We ordered several fried noodle dishes and the house fried rice. I wanted to use the chili oil that was at the table, but there was no oil, just a ton of chili flakes. So I was a bit disappointed. We also ordered the spicy fried squid as an appetizer. The spices were just sprinkled on top. I wish that the fried squid itself was tossed in the spices to provide an even coating. Overall, I thought it was OK. I'd go back again to test out some of the other options.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|Alright. So, I'm from Chicago, and I was visiting my boyfriend and his family so we decided to go to Hong Kong Noodle. They've been there a couple of times with hit or miss reviews on this place. So, technically, it was my first time dining in. When we sat down, the server poured hot tea all over my boyfriend's sister and claimed "none got on her." Um, sir, if you did not spill any her than why are her pants wet. He did not even apologize or anything, and we were honestly appalled. However, we did not want to make a scene so we just decided to take out order.  The food came out fast which was a plus. We ordered salt and pepper squid, jumbo shrimp fried rice, walnut shrimp, and some kind of soup. The salt and pepper squid was like gum. The broccoli in the walnut shrimp was hard and basically raw. The rest of the food was decent. We asked for rice even though they should already have given us white rice because we ordered an entree. However, nope. They catered to other tables who asked for white rice after us. Obviously, we were upset. We are literally sitting next to the cashier who served us who didn't even give a second glance. They never refilled our waters, give us our fortune cookies, nor provided the service I was at least "half" expecting. Quite the disappointment and I usually never complain about restaurants. Will never come back. I recommend to go here if you have no other place, but you're surrounded by thousands of places like Village Wok down the street.   My boyfriend and I always tip no matter what place we go to even if it's fast food. However, they didn't deserve a dime in my book. Save your money and go somewhere else unless you don't care about service.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|Its taste is average. I will not go there anymore because the service there is far from my expectation. Usually, I tip with satisfaction(often ranging from 15-20%), but in this restaurant, the tip is mandatory, especially when I do not want to tip their awful service at all(Maybe I should tip them with a penny). I dont know why I always got my service from a not-nice waitress and made me feel like i owe her a million dollar:( I dont want my dinner ruined by an angry waitress(no matter how good the food is or not) So I guess i will never go there again  I's like to rate a ZERO-STAR but one star is the least i can choose.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|First, the food is mediocre to slightly above average american chinese fare. There are a few items on the menu that are better than average, but this is NOT the place for you if you like spicy food! Even specifically and clearly requesting spicy food will result in nothing of the sort. Overall, I'd give this place 3 stars for the food, except... THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE. There is nothing fast about it. I've tried this place 3 times, and every time there has been an over-abundance of serving staff who are more than happy to completely ignore you. They might stop by 30 seconds after seating you to ask if you're ready, but odds are you've just begun looking. After that, you'll have to flag somebody down, because you could have a 10-20 minute wait before anybody stops by again. Mind you, this is a small restaurant to begin with, so it's not like you can get lost in the crowd. Fortunately, the wait time after placing an order is not bad at all. Quite typical. Good luck with getting somebody to give you your bill, though. This could take anywhere from 10-20 minutes after you are obviously long-finished eating. MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A BOX for leftovers, immediately, because they will NOT offer one. And, even if you do ask, odds are you'll have to ask 2-3 times before you actually get it. Moreover, they wait staff will respond to most requests as if you are some how inconveniencing them or interrupting their otherwise busy schedule of walking around trying to look busy. Overall probably some of the worst service I've had. And I wish I could say this only happened once, but it's happened every time I've made the mistake of stopping in. Considering that there half a dozen other choices or more within 5 blocks, I won't be going back, and unless you're a huge fan of mediocre chinese food, you'd be better off trying other places too.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|We had THEE worst experience here. First of all, we were seated with 20 minutes before closing. Obviously we didn't care - we were starving anyway, but that would later bite us in the a$$. The food was BLAND BLAND BLAND! The only thing we ate that had flavor was the salt and pepper shrimp, but even that wasn't good. It should've just been called "salt shrimp." Fast forward to payment...we didn't have cash and were told that "We are now closed and have shut down our credit card machine already."  Hmm...that would've been something important to tell us BEFORE YOU SAT US DOWN WITH 20 MINUTES LEFT TIL CLOSING! So we all just sat there staring at each other. Aside from telling customers that ahead of time, she could have VERY well taken our payment during dinner and before she "shut down" the cc machine. She was then going to just take our credit card numbers and charge them the next day. What difference that really makes is beyond me. After about 15 minutes of a standoff, she took our cards and we were free. What was she really going to do? Either take our cards or we'll go back and wash dishes. I mean, really!!  Despite the issue with payment, don't even bother going here - the food is not good anyway.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|The dining environment is similar to other Asian restaurants, loud and crowded. I personally think it is one of the better Chinese restaurants near campus in terms of its food; however, I have not visited it often because of their service. There is this time that I paid with a credit card at the counter after a meal, and the lady pointed at the tip line of the credit card receipt and demanded tip. Also, my friend ordered take out there, and they gave her white rice instead of barbecued pork, which is what she ordered. We did not notice until we opened the food containers when we arrived home. I personally like the Cantonese rice plates the best; however, if you cannot deal with horrible service, I suggest you to go somewhere else.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|What happened to me in Hong Kong Noodle is: My mouth got allergy and went badly after eating their singapore fried rice noodle. I told the waitress that I got allergy because the seafood is not fresh. She responded:  1. The seafood is frozen of course because it's just a 10ish dollar dish. How can you eat fresh seafood with ten bucks? 2. You should have asked whether the shrimp is frozen before you ordered. Excuse me, does she know what is customer service?
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|Better than I expected for mpls, but I wouldn't call it chinese, persay. For me it falls into americanized chinese food. I know, I know, another chinese person taking offense over chinese food. I guess I should preface, that as a chinese person, I love americanized chinese food. It just falls into a different category. The mood I'm in for one is different than the mood I'm in for another. All I'm saying, don't get your panties in a bunch.  Regardless, we were in mpls for a conference and we trekked over the bridge, and this was a hot satisfying meal, especially after a night of too many drinks. Greasy and comforting, this stuff hits the spot. Hefty portions, and lots of lunch specials. I wouldn't say the prices are super great, but they do give you what you pay for.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|By far the best chinese restaurant located in the twin cities, the food is flavorful and plentiful and the prices are decent. Get the chinese style sweet and sour- not the same as what you get at other places but is by far superior! Both tangy and sweet, the fry is light and non greasy - just as it should be! The noodles are delicious and flavorful, the rice noodles being soft and tender. The pan fried dumplings are ok, a little greasier than I prefer, not great but not bad. The hot pots are also tasty with rice too- lots of stuff in each one and all delicious! The service is good too, the staff is friendly and quick to respond to requests which is awesome. Be warned though if you come here during the rush hour as you will be waiting in line! This place is always crowded which is a testament to the food and service. Parking is a little hectic though as people do not appear to be able to park in just one space but what can you do right?
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|Coming in with a group, I've had great, cheerful service here--brusque, like in lots of authentic Chinese restaurants, but with a smile. No problem...because my husband and I speak Chinese. However, when I came here "incognito" with my infant granddaughter and didn't speak Chinese, I was ignored while my waitress repeatedly returned to the table of Chinese patrons. She chatted and gossiped with them while we waited...and waited. This is the place for real Hong Kong stuff--char siu (roast pork) fried noodles and congee--and HK delivered the goods. Their dry cooked green beans are the right balance of crispy/done, well-seasoned, savory, yummy. On my first visit, there were just two of us so we had to watch all kinds of dishes being brought to other tables, including the most awesome-looking, fragrant clams at the table next to ours. It took all my self-control not to lean over and ask if I could try one. Yep, people are right, this place is a little tattered but when the food's this good, who's looking at the wallpaper? The place was hopping, the way a good late night noodle place should be. Felt like Chinatown--Yay! I'd given Hong Kong Noodle four stars, but after the lousy service I received on the visit with my granddaughter, I've knocked one off.
hong-kong-noodle-minneapolis-2|First, I have eaten at this restaurant over 25 times total, each time dissatisfied, even resentful, and always at the urge of friends. The service at hong kong noodles is truly horrible---they ask for your order within a minute of sitting down but when you ask for a few more minutes, you should expect them to come back in half an hour. They're really great at forgetting your food but still love to bill it (it's happened countless times). There is an abundant of food selection but all the different dishes I have tried have been standard and not at all worthy of revisiting or raving about. They're not friendly, it takes close to 40 minutes for all of your food to come out, and in the end it's just not a happy experience or even great food.
